a) Description:
This supplementary material contains Matlab implementation of the salient region detection approach presented in this letter.
This prototype implementation also contains Matlab codes for faster variants of the proposed approach.

b) Size:
The total size of all objects in this multimedia material is 228 Kilobytes.

c) Platform:
This Matlab implementation is tested on Windows platform.

d) Environment:
This implementation is tested on Matlab 2013b on both 32-bit and 64-bit versions on Windows 7 operating system.

e) Major Component Description:
The directory "Input" contains 8 sample images from MSRA-1000 dataset.
The directory "Slic" contains C++ implementation of "Slic Superpixels" method and its corresponding compiled Mex files.
The directory "Output" is used to store the output saliency maps.
The Matlab files run_demo.m in the current directory is used to run the proposed approach PR.
The Matlab files run_PFR.m, run_FPR.m, and run_FPFR.m in the current directory are used to run 
the faster variants of the proposed approach PFR, FPR and FPFR correspondingly.
Rest of the Matlab functions in the current directory contain code for patch segmentation, region segmentation, saliency estimation, etc.

f) Detailed Set-up Instructions:
First, set the Matlab current folder into the current directory that contain this Matlab implementation (or add the current directory to the Matlab path).
Copy your images (in JPG, PNG or BMP format) into the directory "Input". (Note: the directory already contains 8 sample images from MSRA-1000 dataset)

g) Detailed Run Instructions:
To run the proposed salient region detection approach PR, please run the Matlab code "run_demo.m".
To run the faster variants of the proposed approaches PFR, FPR and FPFR, please run the corresponding Matlab codes run_PFR.m, run_FPR.m, and run_FPFR.m.

h) Output Description:
The generated saliency maps can be found in the directory "Output" as PNG images.
The end of file name of an output saliency map image will contain the method that was used to generate it (Ex. image1_PR.png, image2_FPFR.png).

i) Contact Information:
For any questions regarding the usage of this supplementary material, please contact Sridhar Swaminathan (E-mail: sridarah@gmail.com)

Thank you.